Git was started out of a crisis, when BitKeeper decided to revoke
it's free license to the Linux Kernel project, and everyone else using BitKeeper for free.
Linus Torvalds, the creator of the Linux Kernel project,
decided to start a new version control system to address the specific requirements
of the growing needs of that project,
and to migrate away from BitKeeper as quickly as possible.
As a result, in the spring of 2005, Linus announced the Git project.
Just like the Linux Kernel project, Linus didn't write Git by himself;
he had the help of the open-source community,
which has continued evolve Git into the de facto standard it is today.
Now, Git enjoys wide adoption for development projects,
from individuals to large enterprises.